# CS340
### How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
- My project is maintainable, readable, and adaptable as it is a simple project that has a lot of comments so that the next user is able to adapt it to their needs. I followed industry standard when writing and commenting in this code to ensure it stayed easily understandable. I could update the CRUD python module and use it in really any database as it is generic enough to work with any other thing and not just the animal shelter.
### How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
- I approach all projects about the same, I first look at the problem and write down what I need to solve. I then create a flow chart on the required functionality of the program. After this, I start a rough draft of the code, ensuring I also import all the modules I would need. I then look over the rough draft adding to where I need and fixing any errors in the proccess.
### What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
- Computer scientists solve problems by designing, developing, and anylzing the computer software, hardware, and networks. With the ever growing use of technology we need these complex problems solved. This type of work helps companies like Grazioso Salvare because it makes their work simpler in finding the animals, so they can use their time more efficiently and train the animals to help others.
